README.md, before:

# Flappy-Dragon
Unity ML-Agents Demo

## Unity ML-Agents Toolkit
https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents

## 2D art ([opengameart.org](https://opengameart.org/)):
- [Dragon](https://opengameart.org/content/red-dragon) by ZaPaper; Credits to http://www.buko-studios.com/ Commissioned by PlayCraft: www.playcraftapp.com

  License: [CC-BY 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)
- [Background](https://opengameart.org/content/seamless-hd-landscape-in-parts) by PWL

  License: [CC0](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)
- [Towers](https://opengameart.org/content/castles) by Blarumyrran

  License: [CC0](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)
- [Particles](https://opengameart.org/content/smoke-fire-animated-particle-16x16) by KnoblePersona

  License: [CC-BY 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)
- [Sheep](https://opengameart.org/content/vector-dog-sheep) by ChiliGames

  License: [CC0](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)
- [Coin](https://opengameart.org/content/2d-coin) by Lexatchison

  License: [CC0](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

## Notes
When opening the project for the first time, make sure to import TMP Essentials (a dialog should appear).

Commit message:

Project is now using ML-Agents 0.8.1

README.md, after:

# Flappy-Dragon
A simple game utilizing Unity Machine Learning Agents Toolkit.

## Unity ML-Agents Toolkit
https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents

## Project setup
1. Follow [this guide](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents/blob/master/docs/Installation.md) to install Unity ML Agents Toolkit.
2. Download and open this project.
3. When opening the project for the first time, make sure to import TMP Essentials (a dialog should appear).

## 2D art ([opengameart.org](https://opengameart.org/)):
- [Dragon](https://opengameart.org/content/red-dragon) by ZaPaper; Credits to http://www.buko-studios.com/ Commissioned by PlayCraft: www.playcraftapp.com

  License: [CC-BY 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)
- [Background](https://opengameart.org/content/seamless-hd-landscape-in-parts) by PWL

  License: [CC0](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)
- [Towers](https://opengameart.org/content/castles) by Blarumyrran

  License: [CC0](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)
- [Particles](https://opengameart.org/content/smoke-fire-animated-particle-16x16) by KnoblePersona

  License: [CC-BY 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/)
- [Sheep](https://opengameart.org/content/vector-dog-sheep) by ChiliGames

  License: [CC0](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)
- [Coin](https://opengameart.org/content/2d-coin) by Lexatchison

  License: [CC0](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

## Notes
This demo was created using Unity ML-Agents Beta 0.8.1. If you are using a newer version of the toolkit, you may want to replace the `/Assets/ML-Agents` directory with the one you find in the toolkit's repository, and follow the [guide on migrating from earlier versions](https://github.com/Unity-Technologies/ml-agents/blob/master/docs/Migrating.md).
